Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  Semantic HTML gives meaning to our content 
    2. What is HTML used for?  Structuring a webpage 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  they go inside the opening tag - and they are extra information that we give to a tag to help identify it
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?  Highlighting the most important info on a page. Once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? any meta data, nav links, logos, stylesheets, and authorship info
    7. What is an id?  an id is a single use identifer for a tag
    8. What elements can I add an id to?  any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class?  a class is a multi use identifer for multiple tags
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? any amount
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="#" target="_blank">Link</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?  Screen readers, SEO, Accessability
    15. How do I reference an id? using a "#" followed by the id name 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is Semantic, div is functional
    17. What is CSS used for?  Stlying HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page:  h2 {
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one:  (an id is a single use identifer for a tag, a class is a multi use identifer for multiple tag)
    You could use a class to select every other <p> on a page. You could use an id to select only one specific <p> on a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "." followed by the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {   
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is like the one seen above. It's great for adding specificity
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div a.sidebar {    
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? pseudo selector is a keyword added to selectors that specifies a special state of the element to be selected
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform (uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
    div {
        border: dotted 1px black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?  /*comments*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. This is one of the most powerful commands in unix, it permenatly deletes what is 
    specified without disgression of importance. Should always be used with -i arguement.
    34. Why should I use version control? for organization and compatabability within versions
    35. How often should I commit to github? git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here" 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork
    Clone
    Branch
    Add
    Push
    Pull
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?  block elements take up the full width available while the inline elements take the required width to display the contents of the elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?  When you use absolute positioning, you place the absolutely positioned elements in relation to a parent container; the parent container is the positioning context.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?  using inline flex 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    https://codepen.io/lilcthulu/pen/RwRVXJq